# A-CRA-CNN-for-saliency-detection
This program gives the code of my undergraduate design.
Abstract:
Saliency detection aims to dig out the most prominent area in a single image. Instead of adopting traditional hand-crafted features, recent deep neural networks based methods achieve saliency detection in an end-to-end architecture, obtaining much superior performances. However, most existing methods only consider the prominent regions thus may ignore the detailed and micro detection area. To tackle this issue, in this work, we propose Hierarchical Complementary Residual Attention Learning for saliency detection, which employs multi-scale features with the complementary information from the network to guide the optimization of saliency detection. Speciﬁcally, to detect the micro details, residual attention is introduced to learn residual information between different scales, subsequently encouraging the network to re-focus on the easily-ignored boundary and sparse parts. Additionally, we capture the prominent and non-prominent features jointly. In this complementary mode, information ignored by one side may be learned by the other side, resulting in a positive inﬂuence between foreground learning and background learning. Simultaneously, the hierarchical features guided learning well leverages low- and high-level information and consequently enhances both global object detection and local boundary reﬁnement. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed methods compared with the state-of-the-art approaches.
